Components

Dead of Night
Kate Winthrop pulled the collar of her long coat tight against her
neck to ward off the creeping chill of a damp autumn night. With a
squeal of tires, a long black car raced by, pursued closely by a police
wagon. Kate pressed herself up against the iron railing of the bridge
over the Miskatonic to keep clear of the chaos.
She’d read in the papers about the recent upsurge in violent crime
and felt the increasing tension all around the city. As the nights grew
longer, she noticed a deeper darkness lurking in the shadows around
Arkham, and the instruments in her research lab at the university
were responding to some influence that she couldn’t observe.
Something was coming.

Overview
In Dead of Night, investigators explore the facets of Arkham best
left unseen in the light of day. Organized crime builds a strong
foothold in the city, secret cults labor for a dark master, an alien
moon hangs overhead, and unknowable horrors stalk the night.
This expansion includes two all-new scenarios, new encounters
for every location in Arkham, new monsters and anomalies, and
four new investigators to face these fresh horrors, armed with
new spells, items and allies.

Expansion Icon
Each card in this expansion is marked with the Dead of
Night expansion icon to distinguish it from cards in the
base game and other Arkham Horror products.

2 Scenario Sheets

4 Spell Cards

4 Investigator Sheets

28 Special Cards

7 Headline Cards

12 Starting Cards

20 Archive Cards

6 wanted Condition Cards

12 Anomaly Cards

22 Monster Cards

48 Event Cards

Monster Deck Holder

72 Encounter Cards

4 Investigator Tokens (with
plastic stands)

4 Ally Cards
4 Item Cards

8 “3 Clue/Doom” Tokens
7 “1 Clue/Doom” Tokens

Using this Expansion
Some components in this expansion interact with other elements
from this expansion (conditions or special cards, for example).
For this reason, unless otherwise instructed, use all Dead of Night
content while playing with this expansion.
•

Encounters, headlines, allies, items, and spells are
shuffled into their respective decks.

•

Archive, special, starting, condition, and monster cards
are sorted into their respective decks (alphabetically,
numerically, or by character).

•

The new anomaly and event decks are separated for use
as instructed in each scenario. Be sure not to mix the
event cards into the encounter decks.

•

New investigators can be freely mixed with those from
the base game.

•

New scenarios use some monsters and codex cards from
the base game, as well as this expansion.

While playing, place the monster deck into the deck holder, ready
side up. See the assembly diagram on the back of this sheet. As
normal, draw from the bottom of the deck, and discard to the top.

Rules Clariﬁcations

Credits
Expansion Design and Development: Philip D. Henry with Daniel Lovat Clark

Wanted
The new wanted condition, like other condition cards,
is double-sided. Do not look at the back of the card until
instructed to do so by a game eﬀect.

Elite Monsters
When a monster gains the elite X ability from more than one
game eﬀect, the eﬀect is cumulative.
For example: A Morphic Terror monster with 4 Health has
“elite 1” printed in its textbox, and a card in the codex also gives it
“elite 1.” The monster has 4 Health plus 2 Health per Investigator.

Removing Map Tiles
Some eﬀects can remove map tiles from the game. When a
neighborhood tile is removed from the game, also remove
all matching encounter cards, including those in the event
deck. Search the event discard and the event deck for all cards
matching that neighborhood and remove those cards from the
game. Shuffle the event deck, but do not shuffle the event discard
into the deck or change the order of the event discard.

Modifying the Mythos Cup
When instructed to remove a mythos token from the game, select
a token of the appropriate type from those still in the cup, if able.
Otherwise, select a token of the appropriate type from those that
have been drawn from the cup, but not yet returned to it.
When adding a token, add it directly to the mythos cup.

Monster Deck Holder
Assemble as shown

Producer: Jason Walden
Proofreading: Christopher Meyer
Board Game Manager: Andrew Fischer
Arkham Horror Story Review: Dane Beltrami, Kara Centell-Dunk,
and Matt Newman
Expansion Graphic Design: WiL Springer
Graphic Design Manager: Christopher Hosch
Cover Art: Anders Finer
Interior Art: Cristi Balanescu, Helge C. Balzer, Tiziano Baracchi, Ryan Barger,
Ignazio Bazán Lazcano, Arden Beckwith, Mark Behm, Dimitri Bielak, Yoann
Boissonnet, Christopher Burdett, Joshua Cairos, Felicia Cano, Mike Capprotti,
Caravan Studios, Matthew Cowdery, Guillaume Ducos, Derek D. Edgell, David
Gaillet, Diego Gisbert, Quintin Gleim, Falk Haensel, Woodrow Hinton, Rafal
Hrynkiewicz, Aurelian Hubert, Romana Kendelic, Igor Kieryluk, Priscilla Kim,
Drazenka Kimpel, Julian Kok, Alexander Kozachenko, Robert Laskey, Patrick
McEvoy, Brynn Metheney, Mark Molnar, Reiko Murakami, David Nash, John
Pacer, Borja Pindado, Jose Manuel Rey, Adam Schumpert, Stephen Somers, Anna
Steinbauer, Andreia Ugrai, Magali Villeneuve, and Frank Walls
Art Direction: Jeﬀ Lee Johnson
Managing Art Director: Tony Bradt
QA Coordination: Andrew Janeba and Zach Tewalthomas
Production Management: Justin Anger and Jason Glawe
Visual Creative Director: Brian Schomburg
Senior Project Manager: John Franz-Wichlacz
Senior Manager of Product Development: Chris Gerber
Executive Game Designer: Corey Konieczka
Head of Studio: Andrew Navaro
Playtesters: America, Boyd Bottorf, Kerry Boyles, Monica Brivio, Brian Carpenter,
Jim Cartwright, Mr. Chip, Kevin Cioﬃ, Sarah Cioﬃ, Carl Coﬀey, Dane Curi,
Caterina D’Agostini, Andrea Dell’Agnese, Gavin Duﬀy, Dave Dzwonek, Julia Faeta,
Zachary Foggo, Marieke Franssen, Anita Hilberdink, Grace Holdinghaus, Jason
Horner, Tim Huckelbery, Clinton Jeﬀrey, Ander L., Stefan Lilly, Betsy Munro
Jeﬀrey, Emile de Maat, David McCulloch, Adam McLean, Francis Mercier, Todd
Michlitsch, Calli Oliverius, Jamie Perconti, Brandon Perdue, Emiel Speets, Léon
Tichelaar, Marjan Tichelaar-Haug, Matt Turchyn, Amudha Venugopalan, Luuk
Weltevreden, Maree Weltevreden, Matt Wenderski, and Billy Wilkins
Special thanks to all of our beta testers!
© 2019 Fantasy Flight Games. Fantasy Flight Supply is a TM of Fantasy
Flight Games. Arkham Horror, Fantasy Flight Games, and the FFG logo are
® of Fantasy Flight Games. Fantasy Flight Games is located at 1995 West
County Road B2 Roseville, Minnesota 55113 USA 651-639-1905. Actual
components may vary from those shown.

