FAQ Update 9/18/20

•

p7, Archive, 407.5h: Add this entry: “When an archive
card attaches to another component, most commonly a
neighborhood deck, tuck that card under the component it
attaches to, such that the effect text is still visible.”

•

p7. Archive, 407.5i: Add this entry: “An attached card
will state a mechanical effect triggered by interacting with the
component it is attached to.”

•

p8, Attack Action, 409.5: This action should read, “If
there are multiple monsters in your space, you can attack
only one of them and you apply only the attack modifier
of the monster you are attacking.”

•

p9, Component Action, 414.2a: Add this entry: “A
component action on a card in the codex can be performed by
any investigator.”

•

p9, Damage, 416.12: This entry should read, “An asset
cannot be voluntarily assigned damage in excess of its
health.”

•

p11, Engaged, 428: Add these entries:

This document contains errata and rules clarifications for
the third edition of Arkham Horror.
Content added or modified in this update is in red text.

Errata
This section contains changes to the game’s printed
components—the changed or added text is italicized.

Rules Reference (Core Game)
•

•

•

p3, Monster Phase, 202.2d: This entry should read, “A
monster’s activation text might indicate a destination or
prey that it moves toward, engages, or affects in some
other way. A monster moves towards its destination or prey
by the shortest possible path. (See rule 418, ‘Destination’
and rule 466, ‘Prey’)
p4, Monster Phase, 202.2g: This entry should read, “If
a monster has multiple possible destinations or targets, the
option closer to the monster takes precedence. If one or more
of these options are the same distance from the monster,
the players as a group decide which of those spaces is the
monster’s destination.”
p4, Reckoning (Mythos Token), 204.12: Add these
entries:
•

•

204.12d: “Resolve all reckoning effects that are in play
when the reckoning token is drawn from the cup. One at a
time, in any order, resolve each effect in its entirety before
resolving the next effect.”
204.12e: “If a component with a reckoning effect enters
play while the investigators are resolving a reckoning
mythos token, do not resolve the new reckoning effect on
that component as part of the resolution of that token. The
effect will be active while resolving the next mythos token
drawn from the cup.”

•

428.3.1: “While a monster is engaged, it cannot move,
unless an effect states that any investigators with which it is
engaged move with it.”

•

428.5.1: “While you are engaged with a monster, you
cannot move, unless an effect states that any monsters with
which you are engaged move with you.”

•

p12, Event, 430.9: This entry should read, “Event cards
are used while resolving a gate burst, during which the
event discard pile is shuffled and placed on the bottom of
the event deck. (See rule 204.11)”

•

p11, Engage, 427.1a: Add this entry: “There is no
functional difference between a monster engaging an
investigator and an investigator engaging a monster. The
phrases ‘when you engage this monster’ and ‘when this
monster engages you’ are synonymous.”

1

•

p12, Event, 430.11: Add this entry: “If an effect would
take or discard a card from the event deck when there are no
cards in the deck, cancel the entire effect and instead place
one doom on the scenario sheet; then shuffle the event deck to
create a new event deck.”

•

p22, Trade Action, 492.4: This entry should read, “Assets
that were used by an investigator during the action phase
and then traded to another investigator during that same
phase cannot be used again until the start of the next
action phase.”

•

p13, Headlines, 440.8a: Add this entry: “The mechanical
text of a rumor headline in the codex affects all investigators.”

•

•

p14, Horror, 442.12: This entry should read, “An asset
can not be voluntarily assigned horror in excess of its
sanity.”

p22, Watcher, 495.2.1: Add this entry: “A monster with
watcher does not prevent you from having an encounter
during the encounter phase while you are engaged with it.
This rule overrides 428.6”

•

p16, Movement, 455.3: This entry should read, “If you
move into a space with a ready monster, that monster
immediately engages you and your movement ends. (See
rule 427, ‘Engage’)”

•

p21, Traits, 491.3: Add these entries:
•

491.3: An effect may instruct you to reveal, spawn, or gain
a card with a specific trait. To do so, reveal cards from the
appropriate deck until you reveal a card with the specified
trait and put that card into play as instructed. Shuffle any
other cards you revealed this way and return them to the
deck from which they came.

•

491.3a: For decks where you normally take or reveal cards
from the top of the deck, such as the item deck, reveal cards
from the top and return them to the bottom.

•

491.3b: For decks where you normally take or reveal cards
from the bottom of the deck, such as the monster deck,
reveal cards from the bottom and return them to the top.

•

2

Cards and Sheets
•

Archive, Card 5: The clue text box should read, “When
there are three or more clues on the scenario sheet, if there
are no markers on the board, add card 4 to the codex.”

•

Scenario Sheet, Tyrants of Ruin: The starting space
should be the “Gilman House.” A corrected copy of this
scenario sheet is included at the back of this document.

Frequently Asked
Questions

Encounter
An encounter allows me or an ally to recover damage or
sanity. Can another investigator recover?

This section addresses questions that are frequently
submitted by players. It is organized alphabetically by the
relevant rules reference topic.

No. “Ally” is a card type; when game text refers to allies, it is
referring to those cards. Players are exclusively referenced as
“investigators.”

Action

After resolving an anomaly encounter, what do I do with
the card?

Can you interrupt a move action to perform a separate
action?

Like other non-event encounters, place the card on the
bottom of the deck it was drawn from.

No. You must finish resolving each action before performing
a different one.

Focus
Can I spend a focus to reroll a die during any of my tests?

Assets
An encounter at Arkham Asylum told me that an ally
could recover sanity. Can I choose any ally in play?
Unless an effect that affects an asset specifies a location for
that asset (such as “an ally in any space” or “an item in your
space”), that effect can target only the assets controlled by
the investigator encountering or triggering it. An asset controlled by an investigator is in that investigator’s space.

Clues
The Follow Up talent instructed me to spawn a clue.
Where does it go?
Any time an effect spawns a clue, resolve that effect the same
way you would resolve a spawn clue mythos token: take the
top card of the event deck, place a clue in central area of the
corresponding neighborhood, and shuffle the card into the
top of that neighborhood deck.

Doom
What happens when you place multiple doom at once?
When a game effect places more than one doom, place them
one at a time, in the order of your choosing. If any of that
doom triggers a game effect, resolve it before placing the
remaining doom.
Example: During a scenario that uses Anomalies, there is three
doom in Rivertown—two at the Black Cave and one at the
Graveyard—when a Gate Burst resolves in Rivertown that adds
one doom to each location. The investigators add one doom
to the Graveyard and then add one to the Black Cave, which
causes an anomaly in that neighborhood. The final doom would
be added to the General Store, but it is instead placed on the
scenario sheet because of the anomaly.

Yes; it does not need to be a test using the skill matching
that focus.
Do my focus tokens affect when a monster considers me
its prey?
Yes; a focus token increases the corresponding skill for all
purposes, including monster prey.
Example: Tommy and Norman each have an Observation of
three, and a Hulking Thrall’s activation text states, “Move
toward and engage highest ,” so the thrall moves toward
whichever of those two investigators is closest. Ever the
guardian, Tommy focuses his  so that the monster will move
toward him instead of Norman.

Headline
What happens when I draw a headline card while my
investigator is defeated?
Resolve as much of the headline effect as you can. Since you
do not have an investigator, you cannot suffer damage or
horror or gain conditions. You do not have a space, so effects
that spawn a monster or add doom to your space will have
no effect. You have no skills, so you cannot make any tests
(you have a non-value for skills, not a zero); assume that you
gained no successes and apply any applicable consequences.

Monster
Can I look at both sides of a monster card?
Both sides of a monster card in play are open knowledge.
Investigators may look at either side of any monster cards in
play at any time, unless specified otherwise. Players cannot
look at monster cards in the monster deck.

3

Mythos Token
Do I draw my two mythos tokens simultaneously? In
what order do I resolve them?
Draw and resolve them one at a time. Resolve the entire
effect of the first token before drawing and resolving the
second.

Remnant
I just used the shriveling spell to defeat a monster. Do I
get a remnant?
No. You only gain a remnant for defeating a monster if you
did it as part of an attack action, not if the monster was
defeated via a different effect or component action.

Starting Card
Can I trade my starting assets to another investigator?
Yes. Starting assets are treated just like other assets, so spells,
allies, and items can be exchanged during a trade action.
Talents and conditions cannot normally be traded, so you
cannot trade starting talents or conditions.

Test
Can I use an effect that lets me modify a die result (like
the lucky cigarette case) to activate the additional ability
on the shotgun (“Each 6 you roll as part of an attack
action counts as two successes”)?

Clarifications
This section includes clarifications for specific cards and
abilities, organized alphabetically by the component’s title
(the component type is stated in parentheses).

Calvin Wright (Investigator)
Calvin’s Friend in Need ability works much like exchanging
money or remnants during a trade action. Calvin and the
other investigator (or ally) may move damage or horror
tokens freely between their investigator sheets (or ally card).
This can be a one way trade (e.g. Calvin takes three damage
tokens from Sachiko Higa and gives her no horror in return)
or tokens can move in both directions (e.g. Calvin takes
three horror from Tommy Muldoon while Tommy takes two
damage from Calvin.)
Because this damage/horror is not being “suffered,” it
cannot be prevented or assigned to assets, nor can Calvin
exchange damage or horror with an item or talent; his ability
specifically allows him to exchange damage and/or horror
with an investigator or an ally.

Dark Insight (Starting Card)
Diana’s Dark Insight talent allows her to modify a number
of different dice equal to the amount of doom in her space.
She cannot increase the result on any individual die by more
than one.

Yes. Changing the result of the die will trigger any effect that
requires a specific die result, including the shotgun or the
cursed condition.

For example, if there is two doom in her space, Diana could
use Dark Insight to change two different dice showing 4s to 5s
(and thus increase the number of successes in her test result).
She could not use Dark Insight to increase one die two times to
change a 3 to a 5.

Trade Action

Gabriel and Motorcycle (Starting Cards)

If an item is traded and has already been used this action
phase, it cannot be used again until the next action
phase. What is “using” an item?

When you perform a move action, the effect of the item
replaces the usual effect of that move action. You are still
considered to have performed a move action, and thus
cannot both use Gabriel (or the motorcycle) and a normal
move action on the same turn.

An item is considered used if its mechanical text has affected
the game state. For example, the ally Sachiko Higa has been
used if an investigator has gained her +2 bonus to  as part
of an attack action this round. The tattered cloak item has
been used if it has prevented its owner from being targeted
or engaged by a monster this round.

4

Marie Lambeau (Investigator)

Wendy Adams (Investigator)

After you perform the action granted by Smoky Velvet, you
still get two actions on your turn; the action granted by
Smoky Velvet is an additional, out-of-turn action. However,
you are still limited to performing any given action once per
round. For example, if you performed a move action during
your turn before Marie uses Smoky Velvet, she cannot grant
you a move action, nor can you perform a move action on
your turn if she granted you that action earlier this round
using Smoky Velvet.

Shortcut is not a move action, so Wendy can use the extra
movement granted by the ability in the same round in
which she uses a move action.

When Marie grants you an action while you are delayed,
you stand your investigator instead of performing that
action. Per the rules reference (417.2), “the next time you
would perform an action, you stand up your investigator
token and skip that action; you are no longer delayed.” You
can still perform that action during your turn this round,
since you skipped the action when you recovered from being
delayed.

Rex Murphy (Investigator)
Rex has no focus limit to allow him to benefit fully from
mechanical effects that may allow him to focus a skill more
than once, including his Overcome All Odds starting talent.

Witch-Blood (Starting Card)
“This action” refers to Witch-Blood’s component action:
“Perform an action you have already performed this turn.”
It does not allow the other investigator to use the action that
Marie performed twice, but rather to use an action that they
themselves used earlier this round.
Example: On Tommy Muldoon’s turn, he focuses and attacks
a monster. On Marie’s turn she wards her space and then uses
her Witch-Blood talent to perform a second ward action on her
turn. She then uses Smoky Velvet so that Tommy can perform
Witch-Blood’s component action; he can either focus or attack
again.
The Witch-Blood component action cannot be granted to
an investigator who has not yet activated this round, because
there are no actions that they’ve already taken

5

Tyrants of Ruin
The Story So Far...
Deep beneath Devil Reef, the tyrants
of Y’ha-nthlei rule the dark waves,
yearning to surpass their ancient, mortal
frames. They stir below the water,
sending their Deep One progeny to
corrupt the surface world.
Starting Space
Gilman House
Reckoning

Spread terror in each
neighborhood with a
Deep One monster.



