Featured Investigators
Each echo investigator includes an investigator sheet and three
all-new starting assets.

Dexter Drake
Dexter’s echo is joined by his trusty assistant, Molly Maxwell, who
ensures that “Drake the Great” always has the right trick up his
sleeve. The Magician shifts into the Guardian secondary role with
new methods to manage the monsters that threaten Arkham.
“Memories and possibilities are ever more hideous than realities.”
-H.P. Lovecraft, Herbert West: Re-Animator (1922)

Recursive Echoes
Volume I
Recursive Echoes is a print-and-play expansion for Arkham Horror
that re-imagines four familiar investigators from the board game’s
core set. These “echo” investigators have been re-designed with
new abilities and starting assets to further explore the unique ways
these characters pursue their goals and face the growing chaos that
challenges Arkham and the rest of the Miskatonic River Valley.

Using Echo Investigators
An echo investigator (“echo”) is an optional, alternate version of an
investigator from an existing Arkham Horror product that can be
used in any scenario.

Minh Thi Phan
Re-examining her focus on cooperation with her comrades, Minh’s
echo proves that the whole is greater than the sum of its parts. The
Secretary builds a flexible team of allies, allowing her to excel even
when separated from her fellow investigators.

Rex Murphy
Rex’s echo represents his family curse and his dedication to
uncovering the hidden world in a new and more reliable way.
While his curse always comes back, The Reporter will not rest until
he unravels the mystery before him.

Wendy Adams
Unrivaled at eluding the forces of darkness, Wendy’s echo leans
even harder into her primary role as a survivor. The Urchin shares
her expertise with her fellow investigators, letting them slip past
both monsters and the sinister machinations of the mythos.

Credits

To use an echo in your game, replace both sides of the investigator
sheet and all of that investigator’s starting assets with the echo
version of those components. When selecting starting assets for an
echo investigator, use only the assets named on the echo version of
that investigator’s sheet.

Expansion Design and Development: Philip D. Henry

An echo replaces the standard version of that investigator; multiple
versions of the same investigator (by title) cannot be used in the
same game.

Arkham Horror Story Review: Kara Centell-Dunk,
Jeff Lee Johnson, and Matthew Newman

Any number of echoes can be used in a given game, and echoes can
be used in the same game as standard investigators.

Producer: Jason Walden
Board Game Manager: Christopher Winebrenner-Palo

Creative Director of Setting and Story: Katrina Ostrander
Expansion Graphic Design: WiL Springer
Graphic Design Manager: Christopher Hosch

Expansion Icon
Cards and sheets in Print-and-Play expansions are
marked with the Echoes expansion icon to distinguish
them from material in other Arkham Horror products.

Artists: Cristi Balanescu, Joshua Cairos, Matthew Cowdery, Falk,
Anders Finer, Tony Foti, Drazenka Kimpel, Jacob Murray, David
Nash, RJ Palmer, Stephen Somers, and Andreia Ugrai
Arti Direction: Jeff Lee Johnson
Managing Art Director: Tony Bradt
Visual Creative Director: Brian Schomberg
Senior Project Manager: John Franz-Wichlacz

© 2020 Fantasy Flight Games. Arkham Horror, Fantasy Flight Games, and the FFG
logo are ® of Fantasy Flight Games. Fantasy Flight Games is located at 1995 West
County Road B2 Roseville, Minnesota 55113 USA 651-639-1905.
Actual components may vary from those shown.

Executive Game Designer: Nate French
Head of Studio: Chris Gerber

