Under Dark Waves

Expansion Overview
Under Dark Waves is an expansion to Arkham Horror that takes
the investigators beyond Arkham’s city limits to research strange
happenings in the coastal towns of Innsmouth and Kingsport.
They face new threats and are joined by new investigators,
bolstered with additional tools and allies to help them
overcome the ever-escalating plots that threaten their world.

Under Dark Waves
Wending her way along the shoreline road, Stella Clark tightened
her grip on the cool steering wheel. The pale beams of her
headlamps did little to reveal the path ahead, obscured as it was
by the thick, briny fog that rolled off of the bay below her. The
tense knot deep in Stella’s stomach wouldn’t allow her to wait for
clearer weather. While she couldn’t say why, she knew she needed
to get to Kingsport before it was too late. Something new lurked
out in that fog, and the only answers waited in the house she had
seen in her dreams all her life, perched atop the perilous cliffs of
Kingsport Head.
Silas Marsh cut the engine on his small fishing boat, the Sea
Change, and glared across the water at Innsmouth, the village
of his birth. He’d sworn he would never return to the crumbling,
rotted village and the painful memories of his youth; even his
mother’s death failed to bring him back to the place he used to
call home. But something was stirring. He felt a pull he couldn’t
describe, deep in his bones, calling him to join his family once
more. The deck rolled beneath Silas’ feet as a large wave broke
over his small craft, and his jaw fell open when he peered into the
deep, dark water. His family
had come to him, and they
had to be stopped.

This expansion includes four scenarios with branching,
variable storylines; new neighborhoods and locations; eight
investigators with unique abilities and starting cards; and an
assortment of assets, encounters, conditions, and monsters.
Under Dark Waves also introduces several mechanics, including
new encounter types, monster abilities, a new way for doom to
overwhelm Arkham, and a handful of game modes that allow
investigators to customize the difficulty of any scenario.

Using this Expansion
When using Under Dark Waves, add the expansion’s
components to your collection as follows:
• Add the investigator and scenario sheets, investigator
standees, map tiles, and all tokens to their respective
supply pools.
• Shuffle encounters, headlines, allies, items, and spells into
their respective decks.
• Sort archive, special, starting, condition, and monster cards
into their respective decks.
• Separate anomaly, terror, and event decks for use as
instructed in each scenario. Do not mix the event cards
into the encounter decks.

Expansion Icon
Each card in this expansion is marked with
the Under Dark Waves expansion icon to
distinguish it from cards in the base game and
other Arkham Horror products.

Components
tYrAnts oF ruIn

sTellA clArK
T h e l eTTer c Arri er

The Story So Far...
Deep beneath Devil’s Reef, the tyrants
of Y’ha-nthlei rule the dark waves,
yearning to surpass their ancient, mortal
frames. They stir below the water,
sending their Deep One progeny to
corrupt the surface world.

On the Job—At the beginning of your
first action phase of the game, you may
move directly to any space.
Delivery Route—After you move three or
more spaces during a single round, focus
one skill of your choice.
“I know what’s real, and I don’t have time for this.”

8 Travel Route Tiles

Focus Limit: 2

5
3
2
3
2
3

2 Neighborhood
Map Tiles

1 Mystery Tile

Starting Space

7

General Store
Reckoning

Lore
Influence

Spread terror in each
neighborhood with a
Deep One monster.

Observation
Strength



Will



8 Investigator Sheets
With matching token

4 Scenario Sheets

106 Song of ChaoS
Strange music echoes through Arkham, and
with it comes a strange dream of dark water
and towering spires. Doctor Maheswaran has
called you to one of the wards at St. Mary’s,
where a number of her patients have suddenly
grown violent, attacking the orderlies and each
other in their sleep. She pleads with you to find
the source of this insidious music before it drives
more of the city to madness.
When there are two or more clues on the
scenario sheet, flip this card.

r
smouth
I Inn
nnsmouth
Illage
HVarsbo
hore
Kingspor

r
smouth
I Inn
nnsmouth
Illage
HVarsbo
hore
Kingspor

104 Event Cards

72 Encounter Cards

 106

4 Headline Cards

60 Archive Cards

Iceb
ournd
uc
Cantor
ofto
R’lyeh
Captive
g Abd
MoCu
nst
ltist—
er
Prowlin— Hu
Monster
Star
Spawn
ma n—
Hu ma n
Monster

Th ral l

2–
–

Spawn at
prey.
stre
rest
nea
Spawn
at
most
doom.
nea
etet
res
stre
t leader.
wnrkeatr—
SpaLu
r— Move
Each
nteinv
.
Massive,
Lurker—Leader
draws
suff
s. Hu
estest
iga
tlesers
low
tor
one
Relen
one
token
from
the
mythos
age
dam
eng
age. cup.
and
ard
tow

21 Monster Cards

4 “3 Damage”
Tokens

12 Anomaly Cards

24 Terror Cards

Dark Pa
Tainted
ct
Tainted
Cond itio
Condition
n
n
Cond itio

or
Reckon
blank
a Ro
After
you
draw
a
blank
or
ingw
—
dra
en,
you
On
tokon
s ll
e
a e
After
die.
tho
spawn
clue
mythos
token,
your
my
ce.
deb
clu1,
spa
du
wne;
has
youtr
spa
come
place
oneflipom
doom
your
space.
thisnin
card.
onl eisdo
carisd.die
s(Th
not a
placerol
p.)thi
test
Reckoning
—Fli
Flip
this
card.
—
ing
kon
(Do
Recnot
card
look at theback of this
(Do
look at
at the
the bac
backk ofof do
this o.)
card
untnotyou
lookare
this card
to
notyou
instructed
(Do
until
are inst
to do so.)
ted to
are
do so.)
until you

8 Condition Cards

3 Marker Tokens

“Ashcan” Pete
The Drifter

8 Asset Cards

25 Starting Cards

6 Mythos Tokens

14 Special Cards

18 Terror Tokens
14 “1 terror”
4 “3 terror”

3

Expansion Rules
Map Tiles

Travel Routes
Travel routes are single-space tiles that allow investigators to
move between the towns of the Miskatonic River Valley. There
are three types of travel routes, each indicated by an icon:

Under Dark Waves introduces two hexagonal neighborhood
tiles, an assortment of travel route tiles, and one mystery tile.

• Country Roads: 
• Ferry Terminals: 

Neighborhood Tiles

• Train Platforms: 

The hex-shaped neighborhood tiles in Under Dark Waves
represent locations in the coastal towns of Innsmouth and
Kingsport. Neighborhoods in these towns are indicated by
different name plates, to make them easily distinguishable
from Arkham neighborhoods.

Kingsport
Harbor

Innsmouth
Village

While moving voluntarily, whether as part of a move action or
as part of another effect, an investigator in a travel route space
may spend $1 to move from that space to another travel route
space of the same type, in addition to the rest of their move.
Example: As her move action, Stella Clark moves from Hibb’s
Roadhouse to an adjacent ferry terminal (1). She pays $1 to
move to another ferry terminal (2) and then uses her second
space of movement to move to St. Erasmus’s Home (3).

Name plates for Innsmouth and Kingsport
neighborhoods.

When an effect refers to a town by name, the effect refers to
neighborhoods with that name in the title as well as each street
and each mystery tile connected to those neighborhoods.
Neighborhoods that do not include a town name in their title
are Arkham neighborhoods.
Example: An effect states, “Each investigator in Innsmouth
suffers one horror.” Each investigator in Innsmouth Village, in
Innsmouth Shore, or in a street space or mystery adjacent to
those neighborhoods is affected.

Encounter Icons
Some locations feature new encounter icons to indicate
the payments or rewards an investigator is likely to find in
encounters there, as follows:

Payments

Rewards



Suffer Damage



Move an Investigator



Suffer Horror



Spawn a Clue

Movement During Encounters
Some encounters may allow an investigator to move one or
more spaces. You cannot move as part of such an effect while
engaged with one or more monsters, unless that effect also
specifies that you disengage any monsters. If you move into
a space with one or more ready monsters that would engage
you, those monsters engage you and your movement ends as
normal.

4

Treat travel routes as street spaces for all effects that reference
such spaces, with the exception of encounters. Travel routes
have their own encounter deck. During the encounter phase, if
you are on a travel route and are not engaged with a monster,
draw a card from the travel route encounter deck and resolve
the effect that matches the type of travel route space you are on.

Travel rouTes

Travel Route Cards

Travel route encounters can have a variety of effects, but all
travel route encounters include an opportunity to move to
another travel route of the same type without cost.
When an effect instructs you to move to another
travel route space, move directly to that space. If
there is no other space of the indicated type,
do not move.

Mysteries

Complex Encounters

Mysteries are places of power and madness that offer
encounters that are more rewarding, yet more dangerous,
than those found in other locations. There are two mysteries
included in Under Dark Waves: Devil Reef and the Strange
High House. These are unique spaces that are added to the
game board as indicated by some scenario setup maps.

Unlike other location and street encounters, mystery
encounters provide divergent paths that depend on the choices
that the investigator resolving that encounter makes. Each
mystery encounter card contains three sections of effect text
for the same location.

A mystery is adjacent to any other space with which it shares
a border. Investigators and monsters can move into mystery
spaces as they would any other space.
Each mystery has a corresponding deck of encounter cards.
During the encounter phase, if an investigator is on a mystery
space and they are not engaged with a monster, they draw and
resolve an encounter card from that mystery’s deck.

To resolve a mystery encounter, first resolve the top effect,
which offers a choice regarding how to proceed; each option
is presented in bold type. Then, resolve one of the other two
effects, under the header that matches your choice. Do not
read the secondary effects before making your choice.

Expanded Neighborhood
Each mystery tile is part of the neighborhood to which it is
connected. If an effect places doom in a mystery space, that
doom is counted with the rest of the connected neighborhood
for the purpose of resolving any effects that count the total
number of doom tokens in a neighborhood, including
anomalies and terror.
Example: The Strange High House mystery is connected to the
Central Kingsport neighborhood. The Strange High House
mystery encounter card deck is in play.

Example: During an encounter at Devil Reef, Silas Marsh is
caught in a storm, and the first encounter effect reads, “You
may race into port or batten down the hatches to outlast
the storm.” He chooses the latter option, and resolves the bottom
effect with the header, “Batten Down the Hatches.”

Terror
Terror represents a neighborhood becoming overrun with
madness and fear. The spread of terror across the board is
indicated with terror tokens that are placed on the board and
in the mythos cup, and with terror cards that are attached to
neighborhood encounter decks.

Spread Terror
To spread terror, place one terror token in the indicated
neighborhood. Then, attach the top card of the terror deck to
that neighborhood by laying that card across the top of the
neighborhood’s encounter deck, perpendicular to the rest of the
deck. A neighborhood may have any number of terror tokens or
attached terror cards.

3

4
KKingsport
Harbor
ingsport Harbor
KK
ingsport Harbor
ingsport Harbor

TYraNTs oF ruIN
The Story So Far...
Deep beneath Devil’s Reef, the tyrants
of Y’ha-nthlei rule the dark waves,
yearning to surpass their ancient, mortal
frames. They stir below the water,
sending their Deep One progeny to
corrupt the surface world.

2

Starting Space
General Store
Reckoning

1

Spread terror in each
neighborhood with a
Deep One monster.

Example: There is a total of six doom in Kingsport Harbor, so the
investigators remove three doom from St. Erasmus’s Home (1),
place one doom on the scenario sheet (2), and spread terror by
placing one terror token in the neighborhood (3) and attaching
one terror card to the neighborhood’s encounter deck (4).


Terror Cards and
Terror Token

These components are used by specific terror scenarios.
There are multiple sets of terror cards, and each set is used
by a different scenario as indicated on that scenario’s sheet.
The encounters represented on these cards are called terror
encounters, which are described later.
In addition to the terror cards and tokens, each terror scenario
adds archive card 61 (“Terror”) to the codex and uses the
following rules, which are summarized on that archive card.

Terror Tokens
The most common ways that terror tokens are added to the
board are by the spread terror mythos token or when too
much doom accumulates in a neighborhood.

Doom
When a neighborhood has a total of six doom, remove all
the doom from one space in that neighborhood and place
one doom on the scenario sheet. Then, spread terror in that
neighborhood as described in the next column.

When you spawn a clue in a neighborhood with one or more
attached terror cards, shuffle the event card into the top of the
encounter deck as normal, not into the attached terror cards.
If an effect instructs you to spread terror and no cards remain in
the terror deck, place one doom on the scenario sheet instead.

Terror Encounters
Before you resolve an encounter in any space of a
neighborhood with one or more attached terror cards, first
resolve an encounter using one of those terror cards, chosen at
random. After resolving the terror encounter, you may resolve
an encounter for your location as normal. Each investigator
can resolve a maximum of one terror encounter per round.
To resolve a terror encounter, read the effect based on the total
amount of terror tokens in your neighborhood.

When a neighborhood has 0-2 terror
on it, resolve this encounter.

Mythos Tokens
Setup and codex effects in terror scenarios can also add the
“spread terror” mythos token () to the mythos cup. When
you draw a spread terror token, spread terror in the unstable
space’s neighborhood as described in the next column.

When a neighborhood has 3-4 terror
on it, resolve this encounter.
When a neighborhood has 5+terror
on it, resolve this encounter.
Terror Card

After you resolve a terror encounter, that card is discarded
facedown to the bottom of the terror deck. Then, you may
resolve an encounter as normal for your space, resolve an
encounter ability (as described later in this booklet), or end
your turn for the encounter phase.
6

Monsters

Archive Cards

Under Dark Waves introduces monster keywords that adjust
the way some monsters behave. It also adds new rules for the
way monsters move around the board during the monster
activation step.

Under Dark Waves introduces new ways for archive cards to
enter play: as artifacts under the investigators’ control or as a
randomized investigation deck.

Monster Movement and Travel Routes
Monsters treat all travel routes of the same type as being
adjacent to each other. When a monster moves toward its
destination or prey and there are multiple travel routes it
could move to, it follows the shortest path toward its prey or
destination.

Monster Keywords
New keywords appear on some monsters and epic monsters
in Under Dark Waves. The rules for each keyword are detailed
below. Reminder text is often printed where these keywords
appear to assist players with a summary of these rules.

Pursuit
After a non-exhausted monster with the “pursuit” keyword
is dealt damage by an investigator in a different space, that
monster disengages all investigators and moves a number of
spaces equal to its speed toward the investigator who dealt that
damage. During this movement, the monster does not engage
any other investigators. After this movement is complete, the
monster engages an investigator in its space.

Relentless
A monster with the “relentless” keyword cannot be exhausted
and cannot be dealt damage by an investigator in another
space. After you evade a relentless monster and perform
your additional action, if you have not left its space, the
monster engages you again. A relentless monster can be
defeated by an effect that defeats it without dealing
damage, even by an investigator in a different space.

Retaliate
After you perform an attack action while
engaged with a monster with the “retaliate”
keyword, if you dealt no damage to that
monster as part of that action, it attacks you.

Artifacts
Some archive cards represent artifacts. Artifacts are a specific
type of item. They have all attributes that items have, and all
rules that apply to items apply to artifacts.
When an artifact would be added to the codex, an investigator
gains that artifact instead, as indicated. When an artifact is
discarded, return that card to the archive.

Investigation Deck
Effects in some scenarios gather a number of indicated cards
from the codex to create the investigation deck. To do so,
shuffle those cards without looking at them and place the deck
facedown next to the codex.
Other effects may instruct an investigator to draw or discard
cards from the investigation deck. When you draw a card from
the investigation deck, add it to the codex. When you discard
a card from the investigation deck, return it to the archive.

Attachments

Encounter Abilities

Various effects may attach a card to another component.
When a card attaches to a component, tuck it underneath that
component so that the effect text is still visible.

Some components—primarily assets and archive cards—
have unique effects that investigators can resolve instead of
resolving an encounter. These encounter abilities are labeled
“Encounter:” in bold.

Assets that can be attached to another component have the
attachment trait. Each attachment may only be attached to a
single other component, although multiple attachments may
be attached to the same component.
An attachment may grant new ability text to the card to which
it is attached, indicated by the word “Attached:” in bold. The
attached card is considered to have that additional text, and
that text has no effect unless the card is attached.
Both cards retain their complete printed text unless an effect
states otherwise, and each investigator can use abilities on
attachments attached to assets in their own play area. If the
attached card is discarded, the attachment is discarded as well.
If only the attachment is discarded, the other card is no longer
attached and remains in play.

When you use an encounter ability, it replaces your normal
encounter. If you resolve an encounter ability, you do not
resolve an encounter that corresponds to your space that round.
You cannot use an encounter ability if some other effect
prevents you from resolving an encounter for your space, such
as a terror card attached to your neighborhood or an anomaly
token in your neighborhood. Additionally, you cannot resolve
an encounter ability if you are unable to resolve an encounter,
such as while engaged with a monster.
If the encounter ability has a cost that you are unable to pay,
you cannot resolve that ability and must resolve an encounter
in your space instead.
Like a component action, you may only use an encounter
ability on a card that is in the codex or in your own possession.
Some encounter abilities can be resolved only under specific
circumstances, such as while in a specific space. These
restrictions are described at the end of the encounter ability
text.

8

Double-Sided Cards

Event Deck

Some double-sided cards become a different card type when
an effect causes them to flip. Such cards indicate the original
card type in parentheses on the reverse side.

If an effect would cause an investigator to take or discard a
card from the event deck when there are no cards in the deck,
cancel that entire effect and place one doom on the scenario
sheet instead; then, shuffle the event discard to create a new
event deck.

When such a card enters play, it enters play as the card type
that matches the deck it came from, with the appropriate
side up, and changes type when an effect causes the card to
flip. When such cards are discarded, they are returned to the
appropriate deck for the original card type.
Example: The Watcher is in the monster deck, but does not
have an engaged side. It enters play ready side up, and when
it would engage an investigator, it flips to the condition side
and changes type, revealing the effect text, “When The Watcher
would engage you, gain this condition instead”. The condition
side of the card displays that the card type is “Condition
(Monster),” indicating that it was originally a monster card.
When The Watcher leaves play, it is discarded to the top of the
monster deck.

The Watcher

Condition (Monster)—Unholy Presence
The Watcher

Condition (Monster)—Unholy Presence

Example: Carson Sinclair draws a spawn clue token from the
mythos cup when there are no cards remaining in the event
deck. He places one doom on the scenario sheet, then shuffles the
event discard and places it into the event deck holder. He does
not spawn a clue.

Adding a Tile to the Map
During a scenario, effects in the codex may instruct
investigators to add tiles to the map. Archive cards with such
effects include a map that shows which tiles to add to the
board and where to place tokens, monsters, and/or doom.
When the investigators are instructed to add a tile to the map,
shuffle the encounter deck for that neighborhood and prepare
it as described during setup (described in the Rules Reference,
entry 102.4).

Tainted Condition
When The Watcher would engage
you, gain this condition instead.
While you are resolving a test, you
When The Watcher would engage
must reroll one success. If you pass
that test, you may spend one clueyou, gain this condition instead.
to discard this card.


While you are resolving a test, you
must reroll one success. If you pass
that test, you may spend one clue
to discard this card.



The new tainted condition represents an investigator
becoming infected with the evil of the mythos. Like other
condition cards, the tainted condition is double-sided and
includes hidden information on the back. Do not look at the
back of the card until instructed to do so by a game effect.

Modifying the Mythos Cup
When the investigators are instructed to remove a mythos
token from the game, select a token of the appropriate type
from those still in the cup, if able. Otherwise, select a token
of the appropriate type from those that have been drawn
from the cup, but not yet returned to it.
When instructed to add a token to the mythos cup,
add it directly to the mythos cup.

9

Clarifications
Spawn a Clue
Any time an effect spawns a clue, resolve that effect the same
way you would resolve a spawn clue mythos token: take
the top card of the event deck, place a clue in the indicated
neighborhood, and shuffle the card into the top of that
neighborhood deck.

Monster Cards
The abilities, keywords, and modifiers of monster cards in play
are open knowledge. Investigators may look at either side of
any monster cards in play at any time. Investigators may not
look at cards in the monster deck.

Effects that Target Assets:
Unless an effect specifies a location (such as “an ally in any
space” or “an item in your space”), it can target only the assets
controlled by the investigator encountering or triggering
the effect. An asset controlled by an investigator is in that
investigator’s space.
Example: Zoey Samaras’s enchant weapon spell reads, “Attach
this card to a weapon in your space.” Zoey and Michael
McGlen are both at Falcon Point, so she can attach the spell to
his Chicago typewriter or her own chef ’s knife.

Searching for Specific Traits
When an effect tells you to reveal, spawn, or gain a card with
a specific trait, reveal cards from the appropriate deck, one at
a time, until you reveal a card with the specified trait and put
that card into play as indicated. Shuffle any other cards you
revealed this way and return them to the deck from which they
came.
For decks that draw from the top of the deck (such as the
item deck), reveal cards from the top and return them to the
bottom of the deck.
For decks that draw from the bottom of the deck (such as the
monster deck), reveal cards from the bottom of the deck and
return them to the top of the deck.

10

Game Modes
Under Dark Waves adds optional game modes to Arkham Horror
that allow players to either adjust the difficulty of the game
or to link multiple scenarios together into a series of games of
escalating difficulty.

Story Mode
This mode reduces the pressure the game places on the
investigators and provides more time to react to threats,
allowing you more opportunities to explore encounters and
experience all that Arkham has to offer.

To play Arkham Horror in story mode, during the “Create
Mythos Cup” step of setup, replace one of the doom tokens
with a blank token.

Challenge Mode
This mode causes doom to spread more aggressively and forces
the investigators to carefully optimize their actions. You will
have less time to react to the various threats the game presents,
so each action is vitally important.
To play Arkham Horror in challenge mode, during the “Create
Mythos Cup” step of setup, replace one of the blank tokens
with a doom token.

• Investigators that have been defeated or devoured are
removed from the series permanently and cannot be used
in later games. They cannot be chosen either during game
setup or when selecting a new investigator during the
game. Investigators that were retired in a previous game
may be used.
• The players lose a scenario, and the series, if a player is
unable to select an investigator to play because all available
investigators have been defeated or devoured.
• Reset all other components and effects between games.
• At the start of each game, modify the setup as shown
below, according to the number of games played in the
series. These effects are cumulative.

Game #

After the investigators lose any single game, the inevitable
death of the universe has finally caught up to them, and the
series is finished.

Inevitable Mode Rules

Standard setup.

—

2

Spread doom one additional
time during setup.

11.3

3

4

5

6

7

• The investigators lose the series if they lose any single
scenario.
• The investigators win the series if they win every scenario.
• Set up the first scenario of the series in the same way as a
standard game, using a random scenario.
• Set up each subsequent scenario by randomly selecting a
scenario that has not yet been played in this series. Each
scenario can only be played one time in each series.

Setup Step

1

Inevitable Mode
This mode allows investigators to play a series of sequential
games of escalating difficulty. The goal is to complete as many
games as possible before the Ancient Ones overwhelm Arkham
and lay waste to the world.

Setup Modifier

8+

Remove one blank token
from the mythos cup.
Add one doom token to the
mythos cup.
Spawn one fewer clue
during setup.
Remove one doom token
from the mythos cup.
Add one gate burst to the
mythos cup.
Resolve one gate burst at the
end of setup.
Remove one blank token
from the mythos cup.
Add one headline token to
the mythos cup.
For each game after the
seventh, place one additional
doom on the scenario sheet
at the end of setup.

5

11.2

5

11.5

5

11.5

Example: At the start of game three in an inevitable series,
the investigators spread doom one extra time during setup and
replace one blank token in the mythos cup with a doom token.

• Each game may be played with a different number of
investigators, and additional expansion material may be
added between games.

11

Quick Reference

Travel Route Types

Encounter Icons
Payments

: Country Road

: Ferry Terminal

Rewards



Suffer Damage



Move an Investigator



Suffer Horror



Spawn a Clue
: Train Platform

Mythos Token
Spread Terror ()—Spread terror in the unstable
space’s neighborhood by placing one terror in
that neighborhood and attach one terror card to
that neighborhood’s encounter deck.

Credits
Expansion Design and Development: Philip D. Henry with
Daniel Lovat Clark and Tim Uren

Art Direction: Deborah Garcia and Jeff Lee Johnson

Producer: Jason Walden

QA Coordination: Andrew Janeba and Zach Tewalthomas

Editing: Adam Baker
Proofreading: Mark Pollard with Molly Glover
Board Game Manager: Christopher Winebrenner-Palo
Story Review: Kara Centell-Dunk and Matthew Newman
Expansion Graphic Design: Caitlin Ginther with
Evan Simonet and WiL Springer
Graphic Design Manager: Christopher Hosch

Managing Art Director: Tony Bradt
Production Management: Justin Anger and Jason Glawe
Visual Creative Director: Brian Schomburg
Senior Project Manager: John Franz-Wichlacz
VP of Product Development: Chris Gerber
Executive Game Designer: Nate French
Head of Studio: Andrew Navaro

Cover Art: Anders Finer

Playtesters

Map Tile Art: Jokubas Uogintas

Joelle Abramowitz, Alex Byers, Caterina D’Agostini, Andrea
Dell’Agnese, Gavin Duffy, Julia Faeta, Richard Harris, Anita
Hilberdink, Grace Holdinghaus, Jason Horner, Julien Horner,
Jed Humphries, Emile de Maat, Josh McCluey, Erik Miller,
Lacey Miller, Evan Moreno-Davis, Jenni Stein, Leon Tichelaar,
and Marjan Tichelaar-Haug

Interior Art: Ryan Barger, Leonardo Borazio, João Bosco,
Marius Bota, Joshua Cairos, Felicia Cano, Marco Caradonna,
JB Casacop, Alexander Chelyshev, Mauro Del Bo, Nick
Deligaris, Nele Diel, Alexandr Elichev, Tom Garden, Sebastian
Giacobino, Quintin Gleim, Cris Griffin, Jeff Himmelman,
Johannes Holm, David Hovey, Dual Brugh Studios, Rafal
Hrynkiewicz, Clark Huggins, Marcin Jakubowski, Thomas
Jedruszek, Aleksander Karcz, Romana Kendelic, Alexander
Kozachenko, Kate Laird, Adam Lane, Robert Laskey, Sarah
Lindstrom, Chris Miscik, Mark Molnar, Jacob Murray,
Christopher A Peuler, Shane Pierce, Arkady Roytman,
Grzegorz Rutkowski, Martin Diego Sadaba, Rick Sardinha,
Stephen Somers, Preston Stone, Isuardi Therianto, Alex Tooth,
Andrea Ugrai, Nino Vecia, Magali Villeneuve, Owen Weber,
Damon Westenhofer, Eric Wilkerson, Andreas Zafiratos,
and Timothy Ben Zweifel

12

Special thanks to all of our beta testers!
© 2020 Fantasy Flight Games. Gamegenic is TM & © Gamegenic GmbH.
Arkham Horror, Fantasy Flight Games, and the FFG logo are ® of Fantasy
Flight Games. Fantasy Flight Games is located at 1995 West County Road B2
Roseville, Minnesota 55113 USA 651-639-1905. Actual components may vary
from those shown.

